# Webscrapper for Art of Problem Solving (UNDER CONSTRUCTION)
This is a "webscrapper" for the Art of Problem Solving website. **It is meant to scrape COMMUNITY
CONTEST COLLECTIONS! IT WON'T WORK FOR OTHER USES!** It is written in python. An example of such
a contest collection can be found [here](https://artofproblemsolving.com/community/c1116106_2020_amc_10).

**NOTE: This scrapper only works for 2020 AMC 10 currently. Will hopefully add implementation that makes
it work for all possible tests!**

Note this doesn't really download the website, but does use Beautiful Soup to get the desired HTML
code. So I guess it sort of is a webscrapper. :/

Note that this webscrapper outputs HTML files to a folder, which is the year number of the contest. In the
year number folder, there may be folders called `A`, `B`, `I`, or `II` for versions of the test
that occured that year. This "webscrapper" supports AMC 8, AMC 10, AMC 12, and AIME, since that
is what amcprat supports.

# What do you need to install?
This script uses Beautiful Soup 4. To install it run: `pip install bs4`.

# What do I need to do to use it?
First create an `index.html` file. This file should contain the contents of a contest collection.

Please [the following guide](https://www.lifewire.com/copy-code-from-website-3486220) that will
show how to get the HTML of a website.

Then run the Python program (called `scraper.py`). It will ask you for the contest name. Enter
"amc8", "amc10", "amc12" or "aime", as instructed. Then, it will ask you for the year. This
webscrapper will scrape the A and B versions (or the I and II versions) of the test, if they exist.

# What will the program output?
The webscrapper will output HTML files. These HTML files are in a folder with the year
number. Inside that folder, there may be folders called "A", "B", "I", or "II". The HTML files for
the problems are either in those folders (called "A", "B", "I", or "II") or are in the folder with
the year number. Each problem has a html file called `#.html` where `#` represents the problem number.
For example, problem #1 of 2020 AMC 8 would be in a folder called `2020` and have a name of `1.html`.
To view the complete problemset, check the `problemset.html` file.

# Why can't the python script just scrape the website?
We can't simply scrape the website using python, since the scraped version using python is different
than the actual html code on the website.

# This guide is unclear...
This project is still in construction. I also don't know if there is a real need for this tool, other
than to get the problems ready for the amcprat tool.

Regardless, I hope the parts to run the script are at least clear. The outputed files hopefully are
self explanatory. If you are unsure of what to do with them, go to the directory with the year number.
Then go to one of the A, B, I, or II folders if they exist. Look for `problemset.html` and view that
in your browser. You can see all the HTML files created by the scraper.

And, if you want to contribute to this document, feel free to leave a pull request on this project!
Also, feel free to create an issue. Make sure to mention that this file in the "scraper" directory
is unclear, and make sure to point out the part that is unclear.

# Conclusion
I hope this explanation (that will be improved in the future) helped you using this tool, if you
were interested. This tool hopefully will be good enough to save lots of work of manually getting
all the problems from Art of Problem Solving (AoPS).

Once again, I would like to thank AoPS for the platform. And I would leave this copyright notice
(also at the end of each file generated by the scraper).

The AMC/AIME problems are copyright © [Mathematical Association of America](maa.org).
